README.md, before:

# Course 5 Project - Quora Backend API 

## Instructions to Contribute

1. Fork the repository.
2. Download the clone of this fork on your local machine.
3. Check all the issues on the original repository.
4. Work through the requirements in the issue


(...more to come :clown_face:)

## Project Structure
The project must follow a definite structure in order to help the co-developers and reviewers for easy understanding. Also, the better project structure makes your code modular and it becomes easier to implement any new features on the existing application. Follow the directory structure given in the project stub file. The main module is divided into three sub-modules —  quora-api, quora-db, and quora-service.

### 1. quora-api

***config*** - This directory must consist of all the required configuration files of the project (if any). We have already provided swagger config file in the stub.
controller - This directory must consist of all the controller classes required for the project (the list of required controllers along with the API endpoints are listed in the next segment).

***exception*** - This directory must consist of the exception handlers for all the exceptions. You have to implement the code for exception handler for all the exceptions to be implemented in the project.

***endpoints*** - This directory consists of the JSON files which are used to generate the Request and Response models.

***test*** - This directory consists of tests for all the controller classes. You need to uncomment all the given test cases to run these test cases after implementing the project.

 

### 2. quora-db

***config*** - This directory consists of the database properties and environment properties for local development.
sql - This directory consists of all the SQL queries to create database schema tables.
 

### 3. quora-service

***business*** - This directory must consist of all the implementations of the business logic of the application.
dao - This directory allows us to isolate the application/business layer from the persistence layer and must consist of the implementation of all the data access object classes.

***entity*** - This directory must consist of all the entity classes related to the project to map these class objects with the database. You need to observe the database schema and all the constraints given in SQL files carefully to map Java objects with the database.

***exception*** - This directory consists of all the exceptions related to the project. All the exceptions required for the project have been implemented in the stub file.

Commit message:

Updated Readme.md to guide config changes

README.md, after:

# Course 5 Project - Quora Backend API 

## Instructions to Contribute

1. Fork the repository.
2. Download the clone of this fork on your local machine.
3. Check all the issues on the original repository.
4. Work through the requirements in the issue

## Config changes

You will need to change the password and username as per your database configuration in these places -

1. quora-api/src/main/resources/application.yaml
2. quora-db/src/main/resources/config/localhost.properties


(...more to come :clown_face:)

## Project Structure
The project must follow a definite structure in order to help the co-developers and reviewers for easy understanding. Also, the better project structure makes your code modular and it becomes easier to implement any new features on the existing application. Follow the directory structure given in the project stub file. The main module is divided into three sub-modules —  quora-api, quora-db, and quora-service.

### 1. quora-api

***config*** - This directory must consist of all the required configuration files of the project (if any). We have already provided swagger config file in the stub.
controller - This directory must consist of all the controller classes required for the project (the list of required controllers along with the API endpoints are listed in the next segment).

***exception*** - This directory must consist of the exception handlers for all the exceptions. You have to implement the code for exception handler for all the exceptions to be implemented in the project.

***endpoints*** - This directory consists of the JSON files which are used to generate the Request and Response models.

***test*** - This directory consists of tests for all the controller classes. You need to uncomment all the given test cases to run these test cases after implementing the project.

 

### 2. quora-db

***config*** - This directory consists of the database properties and environment properties for local development.
sql - This directory consists of all the SQL queries to create database schema tables.
 

### 3. quora-service

***business*** - This directory must consist of all the implementations of the business logic of the application.
dao - This directory allows us to isolate the application/business layer from the persistence layer and must consist of the implementation of all the data access object classes.

***entity*** - This directory must consist of all the entity classes related to the project to map these class objects with the database. You need to observe the database schema and all the constraints given in SQL files carefully to map Java objects with the database.

***exception*** - This directory consists of all the exceptions related to the project. All the exceptions required for the project have been implemented in the stub file.
